[CODE-3131] Updating Code Repo Release Notes from Aug to Dec. This is up to date now (#9283)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/code-repository.md

* We need org view and edit permissions in order to create rules/labels on the account level

## December 2024

### Version 1.26.2

#### New features and enhancements

> * add recreate replica API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Recreate Replica API.
```

> * Add rules API for Proj/Org/Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added **Rules API** for projects, organizations, and accounts.
```

> * add go-get middleware in git router

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `go-get` middleware in the Git router.
```

> * updated swagger for delete PR branch API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Swagger for the **Delete PR Branch** API.
```

> * Add scope info to webhooks 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added scope info to webhooks.
```

> * ignore not found error in delete repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ignored "not found" errors when deleting repositories.
```

> * Add time and author filter params to list commits page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added time and author filter parameters to the **List Commits** page.
```

> * Updated Webhook for Code Comments to include all comment types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Webhook for **Code Comments** to include all comment types.
```

> * Rename review submitted webhook trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed the **Review Submitted** Webhook Trigger.
```

#### Fixed issues

> * Stream list-paths git operation to avoid message limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Streamlined the **list-paths** Git operation to avoid message limits.
```

> * Handle sync of empty repo with non-'main' default branch
> * Move Generated UI URLs to New Nav
> * fix issue on label unassign activity
> * Use space permissions in labels and rules controllers
> * Change space permissions for space rules to repo permissions
> * Resolve mentioned user IDs in email notifications
> * Webhook Trigger PullReq Review Submitted is missing for sanitization
> * fix string search by '_' or '%'
> * Improve PR activity message for force push
> * include pr author in browser param in PR listing page
> * replaced TypesRepository with RepoRepositoryOutput from swagger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Handled synchronization of an empty repository with a non-'main' default branch.
* Moved generated UI URLs to the new navigation.
* Fixed an issue with label unassign activity.
* Used space permissions in label and rules controllers.
* Changed space permissions for space rules to repository permissions.
* Resolved mentioned user IDs in email notifications.
* Fixed sanitization for the Webhook Trigger: **Pull Request Review Submitted**.
* Fixed string search issues involving '_' or '%'.
* Improved PR activity messages for force pushes.
* Included the PR author in the browser parameter in the PR listing page.
* Replaced `TypesRepository` with `RepoRepositoryOutput` in Swagger.
```

## November 2024

### Version 1.25.3

#### New features and enhancements

> * Added support for Labels for migration tool
> * Add acc, org and proj webhooks
> * Added Audit log for bypassed requests
> * Separate CODE Repo Create/Edit into distinct permissions
> * codeowners status in PR overview page
> * Add new webhook type: review_submitted 
> * Add new webhook event for label assignment
> * Add API for space level webhook creation
> * support for codeowners usergroup
> * Update error message in case of forbidden
> * add API to squash commits on a branch
> * Update UI labels for audit service
> * audit logging changes for commit, merge, create and delete branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for **Labels** in the Migration Tool.
* Added account, organization, and project webhooks.
* Added an Audit Log for bypassed requests.
* Separated CODE Repo **Create/Edit** into distinct permissions.
* Added Code Owners status in the PR overview page.
* Added a new webhook type: **review_submitted**.
* Added a new webhook event for label assignment.
* Added an API for space-level webhook creation.
* Added support for **Code Owners** user groups.
* Updated error messages for forbidden access cases.
* Added an API to squash commits on a branch.
* Updated UI labels for the audit service.
* Added audit logging changes for commit, merge, branch creation, and deletion.
```

#### Fixed issues

> * Increase ingress limits
> * Add env vars to enable indexing and search of large files
> * fix swagger of webhook execution and add branch restore
> * update code url api
> * fix for status checks showing wrong time
> * fix missing resource name issue
> * handle error for import-progress API failure
> * fix swagger of webhook execution
> * Expand detection of repo not found cases in git error parsing
> * handle import-progress API response for importing repos via the migrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increased ingress limits.
* Added environment variables to enable indexing and searching of large files.
* Fixed Swagger documentation for webhook execution and added branch restore.
* Updated code URL API.
* Fixed status checks displaying incorrect timestamps.
* Fixed an issue where resource names were missing.
* Handled errors for import-progress API failures.
* Expanded detection of repository not found cases in Git error parsing.
* Handled import-progress API responses when importing repositories via the migrator.
```

## October 2024

### Version 1.23.3

#### New features and enhancements

> * Rename Gitness to Harness Open Source 
> * Add support for Fast Forward merge strategy
> * added rules to update branch [ block_branch_update , block_force_push ] 
> * added button to rebase pr
> * update to latest release of GitLeaks
> * add missing pr activity type: reviewer-add
> * PR source branch delete/restore API
> * added reviewer-add PR activity entry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed **Gitness** to **Harness Open Source**.
* Added support for the **Fast Forward Merge strategy**.
* Added branch update rules: **block_branch_update**, **block_force_push**.
* Added a button to rebase PRs.
* Updated to the latest GitLeaks release.
* Added a missing PR activity type: reviewer-add.
* Added PR source branch delete/restore API.
* Added reviewer-add PR activity entry.
```

#### Fixed issues

> * fix vanity url
> * fix pr link in pr listing
> * fix rebase API rule check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed vanity URLs.
* Fixed PR links in the PR listing.
* Fixed rebase API rule checks.
```

## September 2024

### Version 1.21.4

#### New features and enhancements

> * Update Semantic Search and PR Summary from GPT3Dot5Turbo to  GPT4oMini
> * Add backend support for User Groups
> * add support for webhook execution logs
> * Branch Rules: UserGroup support: Create and List
> * Add an option to delete branch for merged/closed PR
> * Add error message to protection rule violation error responses 
> * auto collapse resolved code comments
> * Add repo description and UI url in the webhook emitted info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Semantic Search and PR Summary from **GPT-3.5-Turbo** to **GPT-4o-Mini**.
* Added backend support for User Groups.
* Added support for Webhook Execution Logs.
* Added Branch Rules: User Group Support (Create and List).
* Added an option to delete branches for merged/closed PRs.
* Improved error messages for protection rule violations.
* Enabled auto-collapse for resolved code comments.
* Added repository descriptions and UI URLs in emitted webhook info.
```

#### Fixed issues

> * Update to latest gitleaks 
> * Add repo_review permission to auth JWT with allowedResources 
> * fix repo listing open api
> * Send empty list in case of no repos present in space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated to the latest GitLeaks release.
* Added repo_review permission to JWT authentication with allowed resources.
* Fixed OpenAPI issues in repository listing.
* Ensured an empty list is returned when no repositories are present in a space.
```
